There is an alternate cover to "How to Turn Into a Cat", which I've embedded below.  But first, random facts:

* As I was writing a guide on how to (mentally) survive (the stress of) falling from a great height, I included the suggestion that someone in that situation should try turning into a cat, as some cats can survive falls from great heights. [Source!](http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/1143/do-cats-always-land-unharmed-on-their-feet-no-matter-how-far-they-fall)  I decided that sounded like an interesting idea for a guide, so I wrote that one too.  (The surviving heights guide has a first draft finished, but I already had this bundle filled out, so it'll come out at a later date).
* There's an introduction written by a real life cat, which I now can't help but read in the voice of Red Dwarf's [Cat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cat_%28Red_Dwarf%29), even though when I wrote it, it was an intentional impression of my old boss, down to the asking to borrow money (not tuna) until the next payday.
* Cats are better than dogs times a hundred BTW.  I mean dogs are okay too.  Not really, I just say that so I don't piss off dog lovers.  Luckily dog lovers only read the first two sentences of any paragraph.

And now for the cover.  I went through the [Open Clip Art Library](https://openclipart.org/), looking for a face I could put cat features over.  I don't like to do this too much, because the library doesn't seem to be documented well enough for my tastes (meaning, images aren't always sourced as well as they are in, for instance, [Wikimedia Commons](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Main_Page).  Who knows if something submitted is really in the public domain or not?  I decided to risk it though.  I downloaded like five faces and put cat features on them, trying to decide which one I liked better. Check out this (alternate) dude:

[image somehow]

The "alternate" cover was supposed to be the actual cover, but as I was writing this post I realized that I liked the then "alternate" cover so much that I switched them.  The old one is a little blander than the current one, but it scales better, is more identifiable as a thumbnail, etc.  But the one I ended up using catches the eye so much better, and is so creepy and intriguing I had to go with it.
