So one of my unofficial rules is to not be too political in these guides.  This is partially because I don't want to offend anyone, not for reasons of popularity or affecting sales, but because I don't think it's quite the forum to rub shit in people's faces for their ideals or beliefs.  I do take the occasional pot shot at politics, religion and other personal convictions, but I hope that the abrupt nature and quick abandoment of such comments provokes more of a surprising sting that turns into laughter as opposed to great offense.  Of course, there's also the problem that politically I'm a grade-A nut job who would probably be unable to find common ground with anyone. Maybe that's what makes me lean towards satire, seeing nearly everything from an outsider's perspective.

However, I was mulling over the NSA abuses that had recently been exposed, and I realized that some of the reasons against such spying (namely that there are acts which are illegal that shouldn't be and also that people in power will abuse that power) could be twisted and presented in a satirical and hopefully humorous light.  And let's be honest, I don't have to worry about anyone picking this one up and going, *"What, this is political satire about government spying?!  I had no idea!"*  If I started taking apart the government's policies in *How To Become a Cat* then I could understand someone's surprise, but this one's right on the cover.

Okay then, the reference to being convicted for a murder your friend committed while you were asleep because he borrowed your car to do it is absolutely true.  It happened to [Ryan Holle in Florida](http://felonymurderflorida.wordpress.com/2010/02/19/letter-from-charles-grodin-to-supreme-court-justice-kennedy-on-the-felony-murder-rule/).  It's a result of the felony murder law, which is a pretty shit law that should be done away with.  I've seen this law spoken about most eloquently by none other than actor and comedian Charles Grodin, whose autobiographical books I'm actually a pretty big fan of.  The link above goes to a letter he wrote to Supreme Court Justice Kennedy on the issue, and you should check it out.  If you like being depressed, that is.

You can use your search engine of choice to find reports of TSA agents taking pictures of nude scans with their camera phones.  Something I started to write about was the incredibly high radiation the backscatter body scanners put out and how dangerous that was to frequent travelers, but not only did that seem to be refuted, all those scanners were replaced with millimeter wave scanners, which emit a different, non-carcinogenic radiation. This is one of the reasons I try to get into the habit of Googling wild claims before I immortalize them in print.

The hinted at case of the spy who was outed for political reasons is of course the [Plame Affair](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plame_affair).  I believe Valerie Plame hunted loose nukes and yes, it looks she was outed because her husband criticized the administration in the New York Times.

I was actually fairly conflicted about the J Edgar Hoover bit.  A running theme in my (personal) analysis of humans living and dead are that people are neither all good or all bad (in any respect).  Shakespeare wrote good plays and shitty plays, so is he a good playwright or a shitty playright?  Alec Baldwin has spoken out for gay rights on many occasions, but he also threw out some anti-gay insults when he was pissed off (Barry Eisler has my favorite [analysis of that](http://barryeisler.blogspot.com/2013/06/alec-baldwin-dudgeon-is-easy.html), btw).  So following that, J Edgar Hoover is responsible for a lot of the good in law enforcement.  Many articles about the time make it sound almost like it was the wild west, and Hoover did come in and make them get training and keep records.  He also kept his job by collecting dirt on anybody and everybody, and yes even Presidents were too afraid to fire him.  I saw "even" Presidents my jaded side says that the higher you go in politics the more shit you probably have under your belt.  I decided Hoover fit in this guide because at least part (I hope) of this NSA outrage is because spying on everything isn't good police work.  It isn't police work at all. It is where the absence of police work and the absence of individual rights intersect.

Also, I cannot stress enough---as I said in the guide, he probably wasn't gay or a cross-dresser.  Accusing him of that is basically creating a hostile environment for people who are, because you're using those qualities to make Hoover into a joke.  If a man feels so strongly about it that he actually wears a dress out on the street it's not a joke, it's actually incredibly courageous in most parts of America today, probably all parts.  Such comments can also create a potentially hostile environment against asexuals, because giving off signs of being asexual is part of what caused the rumors about Hoover's homosexuality to spread.

The whole thing about "the spiderman" is probably just a result of me wanting to troll my friends.  But I do wonder if the comics have ever shown him slipping and breaking a window.  It's not like he has much time to focus on his aiming when he's swinging or fighting, and apartment buildings have a lot of old windows.  Also I really hope I don't get sued for mentioning it.

To be honest, the real reason I even wrote this guide is so that line in the dating service section will provoke women who write satirical guides and also have enormous tits to contact me.  **THAT IS A JOKE!**  I'd be happy to meet women who write satirical guides no matter what size their tits are.  If you want to chat, send me a 3000+ word long uncopyrighted satirical guide, along with a release that allows me to publish it under my own name.  If I reply with a dick pic, that how you know I'm publishing your work under my name with no royalties going back to you.  You may think it's a bad deal, but if you think about it, we're just skipping all that dating nonsense and getting straight to the screwing.  (Oh snap! That's best joke I've ever written, and it's available for free on my website.  It should be in a guide priced at a million dollars a copy.)
