I don't really have anything to say about How to Hide Your Boners.  It's my longest book, even though I didn't intend for it to be.  My length goal (lol) is about 3,000 words for each guide.  Wikipedia claims that the average reading speed is 250 words per minute.  That's about twelve minutes of reading for a buck.  So if you read five standard-sized guides while on the clock at work, and you only make minimum wage (what, $7.25?), then you made a cool $2.25 profit for doing nothing.  I used to have a job like that.  Not anymore---apparently they like to close down stores that don't have any customers, the fascists.

So let me take this opportunity to give you guys some insight as to how I work.  I have a very meticulous process for writing novels (written a few, haven't published any yet, when I do it won't be through BABU or under this name but it probably will come out of the Canting House company, of which BABU is technically an imprint).  Or at least, after a point writing something like a novel becomes meticulous.  I guess writing a BABU guide is very much like the beginning parts of writing something like a novel, the fun brainstorming bit.  I've heard some writers say that they hate the sight of a blank sheet of paper.  Not me, that's the best part, the easiest part.  Filling up a sheet of paper is easy, it's at the end, where all the threads have to lock in together, that bit starts to get a bit dodgy.

When I first got the idea to start doing these guides (which was just under six months ago) I kind of tentatively accepted the idea.  I wasn't sure if it would actually do anything sales wise (something I still don't know).  It took about four hours to sink in and get excited about.  Once I got excited, it got pretty crazy.  That first night I wrote 2,500 words on one guide (the as-yet unpublished "How to Scare Children", yes, I'm fucked up).  However, that 2,500 words was not done all at once.  It was written in between creating new text documents and writing down other ideas.  I got an idea for a book about making peace with a large fall to death, and while brainstorming ideas for that I got an idea to write a guide about how to turn into a cat (which is in my first bundle) because cats can (sometimes) survive falls from large heights.  I often joke in my guides that I've just gotten the idea to write some ridiculous other guide, but that actually happens a lot.  

So a lot of the time the idea itself is ignition, and I can sit down and write the guide down all the way through to the end.

Sometimes I have a funny idea or a good title, and I need to figure out where it's going.  I've tried just sitting down and writing, and that can work but usually I need at least a general direction or a punchline to head to.  I've found it's best to work out a table of contents, a semi-outline or I try to think of various real problems I can solve, and then I solve them in the worst way possible.  At some point in this brainstorming I will start trying to keep track of four ideas that occurred to me one right after the other.  I'll get them all down in brief sentences of broken english, and then I'll start writing the thing, connecting the dots between these ideas.  The good thing about 3,000 words being my target, I've probably written personal blog posts close to that.  I can do that in one sitting, comfortably.  Generally when I sit down to start working on a guide I don't stop until it's finished.  By finished I mean it has a beginning, middle and end with the right number of words.  I'll go back a week or so later to proofread it and punch it up.  I don't just publish the thing, I'm way too neurotic for that.

So this guide about hiding boners just kept going and going.  I kept coming up with new section ideas, some having more to do with the established topic than others.  I don't know how many words I wrote before I actually started giving tips for hiding boners, but it's a lot.  I remember being at 4000 words and thinking, "okay, I can wrap this up now."  Then being at six thousand and realizing I hadn't even begun to wrap it up.  I decided to shoot for at least 9,000 words, because it was officially too big to be bundled.  I didn't want to do something confusing like bundle a 6,000 word guide with two 3,000 word ones.

I think my favorite bit is Socrates and Critias, the inkwell and the crying.  

Hmm, I just got an idea to write a guide about how to show your boners.  How to trick people into looking at your boners?  Hmmmmmmmmmm.  Could that get me arrested?

-CG-
