---
layout: post
title: FIRST!
description: "The first official post on BABUGuides.com."
category: articles
tags: [blog]
---

On this day, I'm oscillating between terror and pride.  I have a personal blog, so I'm used to throwing things online and getting a few reads but otherwise being largely ignored.  I'm sure, for a while at least, it will be the same with BABU.  I'm still trying to decide if I'm feeling more pride or anxiety right now.  About this whole "finally making the self-publishing leap" thing.

But hey, no reason to take myself too seriously, right?  So here's the official announcement:  BABU Guides (the website and the guides) are officially live!

Let's begin with the links.

First we have ["How to Hide Your Boners"](/boners/).  Hey, I know there are a lot of books about boners out there.  I guarantee you, this one is the best I've read.  You may think that's some kind of a trick, like I haven't read any.  Trust me, I've read about a million of them.  No,seriously.

Then we have our [first bundle](/bundle-01/), which contains ["How to Turn into a Cat"](/cat/), ["How to Avoid Ebook Scams"](/ebook/), ["How to Pretend to Have Climbed Mount Everest"](/everest/) and ["How to Whitewash Your National Spy Organization"](/spy/).  Every one a gem.  No really, I'm not just saying that because I wrote them and any money you spend goes straight to me.  Come on guys, you know me better than that, I mean I was all serious and vulnerable at the beginning of this post...

I plan to post some behind-the-scenes notes over the next few weeks.  We'll see if I follow that plan, yeah?

In the meantime, feel free to poke, prod, or harass me at [egghead@babuguides.com](mailto:egghead@babuguides.com).

Later,

--Charlemagne

---